Create your PeerPedia identity.  You only need to do this once.
Your name is how other researchers will find and cite you.

HOW TO READ THIS HELP
  The examples below show real commands you can copy and paste.
  Everything you should type is shown — just replace the example values
  with your own.

    <angle brackets>   Replace with your own value.  Do NOT type the brackets.
                       peerpedia article show <id>
                       -> you actually type:  peerpedia article show abc12345

    [square brackets]  This part is optional.  You can skip it entirely.
                       peerpedia article list [--mine]
                       -> you can type:  peerpedia article list
                       -> or:            peerpedia article list --mine

    --double-dashes    A "flag" (option) that changes what the command does.
                       --name means "the name comes next"
                       --json means "show the output as JSON"
                       Some flags take a value (--name "My Name")
                       Others work alone (--json, --rich).

  The prompt character > or $ in examples means "type this in your terminal."
  Don't type the prompt itself.

EXAMPLES
  # Register with your real name — the simplest way to get started.
  peerpedia account register --name "Marie Curie"

  # Register with a shorter name if you prefer brevity.
  peerpedia account register --name "M. Curie"

  # Register without typing your password interactively.
  # Use this in scripts or when setting up a new machine automatically.
  PEERPEDIA_PASSWORD='s3kr1t!' peerpedia account register --name "Marie Curie"

  # Register and get machine-readable output for bootstrapping another device.
  peerpedia account register --name "Marie Curie" --json
  # -> {"id": "abc12345-...", "name": "Marie Curie", "pubkey": "..."}

  # What happens if the name is already taken
  peerpedia account register --name "Marie Curie"
  # -> PeerPedia tells you: "The name 'Marie Curie' is already registered."
  #   If that is you, use "account recover" to regain access.  If someone
  #   else registered the name first, pick a different display name —
  #   for example, "Marie Curie (Lab)" or your full name with initials.

WHAT HAPPENS WHEN YOU REGISTER
  • PeerPedia asks you for a password (and a confirmation to catch typos).
  • It derives your signing key from that password using scrypt.
  • That key signs every paper and review you create — it proves your
    work is really yours.
  • Your session is saved so you are logged in immediately.

TIPS
  • Keep your password safe.  There is no password reset.
    If you lose it, you must re-register with a new account.
  • Your password never leaves your machine.  Other peers never see it.
  • Use the PEERPEDIA_PASSWORD environment variable when scripting so
    PeerPedia does not prompt you.
  • After registering, try `peerpedia article create --title "My First Paper"`
    to start writing.

FLAGS
  --name       Your display name.  Other researchers will see this.
               Required.  Shown in the "Register with your real name" example.
  --password   Your password.  If you omit this, PeerPedia will prompt you
               interactively.  You can also set the PEERPEDIA_PASSWORD
               environment variable instead.  Shown in the "Register without
               typing your password" example (using the env var form).
  --json       Print the result as JSON (machine-readable) instead of
               human-friendly text.  Handy for scripts or for piping into
               "account bootstrap --from".  Default: off.  Shown in the
               "Register with --json" example.
  --rich       Print the result as formatted Rich text (the default).

SEE ALSO
  account login      Sign in on this device after you have registered
  account whoami     See your current identity
  account bootstrap  Set up the same identity on another device
