Recover your signing key from your password and salt.  Use this after
"account bootstrap" to verify your password and load your session, or
if your session file was lost.

HOW TO READ THIS HELP
  The examples below show real commands you can copy and paste.
  Everything you should type is shown — just replace the example values
  with your own.

    <angle brackets>   Replace with your own value.  Do NOT type the brackets.
                       peerpedia article show <id>
                       -> you actually type:  peerpedia article show abc12345

    [square brackets]  This part is optional.  You can skip it entirely.
                       peerpedia article list [--mine]
                       -> you can type:  peerpedia article list
                       -> or:            peerpedia article list --mine

    --double-dashes    A "flag" (option) that changes what the command does.
                       --name means "the name comes next"
                       --json means "show the output as JSON"
                       Some flags take a value (--name "My Name")
                       Others work alone (--json, --rich).

  The prompt character > or $ in examples means "type this in your terminal."
  Don't type the prompt itself.

EXAMPLES
  # Recover by name — PeerPedia will prompt you for your password.
  peerpedia account recover --name "Marie Curie"

  # Recover by user ID when multiple users share the same name.
  peerpedia account recover --user-id abc12345

  # Recover with machine-readable output (for scripts).
  peerpedia account recover --name "Marie Curie" --json
  # -> {"id": "abc12345-...", "name": "Marie Curie", "pubkey": "..."}

  # Recover without interactive prompts (for scripts)
  PEERPEDIA_PASSWORD='s3kr1t!' peerpedia account recover --name "Marie Curie"
  # -> Same as the first example, but PeerPedia reads the password from the
  #   environment variable instead of prompting you.  Use this in scripts
  #   or automated workflows.

  # Recover after bootstrap on a brand-new device
  peerpedia account bootstrap --from '<json from whoami>'
  peerpedia account recover --name "Marie Curie"
  # → Enter your password.  PeerPedia re-derives your key and logs you in.
  #   Run "account whoami" to confirm.

  # What happens when the password is wrong
  peerpedia account recover --name "Marie Curie"
  # → PeerPedia replies: "Wrong password."
  #   If you forgot your password, you must re-register — the salt+password
  #   combination is the only way to derive your signing key.  There is no
  #   back door and no password reset.

WHAT HAPPENS DURING RECOVERY
  • PeerPedia uses scrypt to re-derive your Ed25519 key from your
    password and the stored salt.
  • If the derived key matches the stored public key, your session is
    loaded and you are logged in.
  • If the derived key does not match, the password was wrong.  PeerPedia
    does not reveal which part (password or stored key) was wrong — this
    is a security measure.

WHEN TO USE RECOVER vs LOGIN
  • Use "login" when your session file is still intact and you just want
    to sign in normally.
  • Use "recover" after "bootstrap" on a new device, or if your session
    file was deleted or corrupted.  Recover does the same thing as login
    but can find you by user ID alone (you do not need to know your name).

TIPS
  • Recovery works on any device — you only need your password.  The salt
    is fetched from the local database.
  • On a brand-new device, run "account bootstrap" first to populate the
    user record, then "account recover" to verify your password.
  • After recovery, run "account whoami" to confirm you are logged in.

FLAGS
  --name       Your display name.  One of --name or --user-id is required.
               Shown in the "Recover by name" example.
  --user-id    Your user UUID.  Use this when multiple users share your
               name, or when you do not remember your exact display name.
               One of --name or --user-id is required.
               Shown in the "Recover by user ID" example.
  --json       Print the result as JSON instead of human-friendly text.
               Default: off.  Shown in the "Recover with --json" example.
  --rich       Print the result as formatted Rich text (the default).

SEE ALSO
  account bootstrap  Set up your identity on a new device
  account whoami     See your current session
  account register   Create a new identity
  account login      Sign in
