Read a paper — see its details, scores, and full text.

HOW TO READ THIS HELP
  The examples below show real commands you can copy and paste.
  Everything you should type is shown — just replace the example values
  with your own.

    <angle brackets>   Replace with your own value.  Do NOT type the brackets.
                       peerpedia article show <id>
                       → you actually type:  peerpedia article show abc12345

    [square brackets]  This part is optional.  You can skip it entirely.
                       peerpedia article list [--mine]
                       → you can type:  peerpedia article list
                       → or:            peerpedia article list --mine

    --double-dashes    A "flag" (option) that changes what the command does.
                       --title means "the title comes next"
                       --scores means "the scores come next"
                       Some flags take a value (--title "My Paper")
                       Others work alone (--mine, --force, --feed).

  The prompt character > or $ in examples means "type this in your terminal."
  Don't type the prompt itself.


EXAMPLES
  # Show the paper's metadata (title, status, authors, scores)
  peerpedia article show abc12345

  # Read the full text
  peerpedia article show abc12345 --show full

  # Find a paper by title keyword (no need to memorize IDs)
  peerpedia article show "Radioactivity"

  # Try a partial title match
  peerpedia article show "quantum error"
  # → Finds papers whose titles contain BOTH "quantum" AND "error".

  # Show paper data as JSON (for use with other programs)
  peerpedia article show abc12345 --json
  # → Outputs the paper's metadata and scores as JSON instead of
  #   formatted text.  Useful when you want to process the data.

  # Show as rich formatted text (default human-readable view)
  peerpedia article show abc12345 --rich
  # → Pretty-printed output with colors and structure.
  #   This is the default — you usually don't need --rich.

  # Show by full UUID
  peerpedia article show abc12345-6789-def0-1234-567890abcdef
  # → Same as using the prefix "abc12345" — both work.

You can reference a paper by:
  • Its full ID (like abc12345-6789-...)
  • The first 8 characters of its ID (like abc12345)
  • Any word or phrase from its title (PeerPedia finds the best match)

The --show full output includes the complete paper text, formatted
for your terminal.

FLAGS
  Each flag is shown in an example above.  This is the full reference.

  --show meta|full    What to display.  "meta" (default) shows the title,
                      status, authors, and scores.  "full" shows everything
                      including the complete paper text.
                      Example: shown in "Read the full text" above.

  --json              Output the data as JSON text instead of formatted
                      output.  Good for piping into other programs.
                      Example: shown in "Show paper data as JSON" above.

  --rich              Output as human-readable Rich text with colors.
                      This is the default — you usually won't need it.
                      Example: shown in "Show as rich formatted text" above.

SEE ALSO
  article list       Browse and search papers
  article diff       Compare different versions of a paper
  review list        See reviews for this paper
