Delete a draft paper.  This removes the paper and its entire history
from your machine.  Only the paper's maintainers can delete it, and
only drafts can be deleted (published papers are permanent).

HOW TO READ THIS HELP
  The examples below show real commands you can copy and paste.
  Everything you should type is shown — just replace the example values
  with your own.

    <angle brackets>   Replace with your own value.  Do NOT type the brackets.
                       peerpedia article show <id>
                       → you actually type:  peerpedia article show abc12345

    [square brackets]  This part is optional.  You can skip it entirely.
                       peerpedia article list [--mine]
                       → you can type:  peerpedia article list
                       → or:            peerpedia article list --mine

    --double-dashes    A "flag" (option) that changes what the command does.
                       --title means "the title comes next"
                       --scores means "the scores come next"
                       Some flags take a value (--title "My Paper")
                       Others work alone (--mine, --force, --feed).

  The prompt character > or $ in examples means "type this in your terminal."
  Don't type the prompt itself.


EXAMPLES
  # Delete a draft (asks for confirmation)
  peerpedia article delete abc12345

  # Delete without confirmation prompt
  peerpedia article delete abc12345 --force

  # Delete by title keyword
  peerpedia article delete "Radioactivity"

  # Trying to delete a published paper (will fail)
  peerpedia article delete abc12345
  # → PeerPedia refuses and shows an error like "Cannot delete a published
  #   paper."  Published papers are permanent — they cannot be removed.

  # Delete multiple old drafts (use --force to skip confirmation)
  peerpedia article delete draft-paper-1 --force
  peerpedia article delete old-experiment-2 --force
  # → With --force, each deletion happens immediately without asking "are
  #   you sure?"  Useful for cleaning up many drafts at once.

WARNING
  Deletion removes the paper's database record AND its git repository
  on disk.  This cannot be undone.  Published papers cannot be deleted
  — they are part of the permanent peer-reviewed record.

  Can I recover a deleted draft?  No.  Deletion is permanent.  Make sure
  you want to remove a draft before you delete it.

FLAGS
  Each flag is shown in an example above.  This is the full reference.

  --force             Skip the "are you sure?" confirmation prompt.
                      Use this when scripting or deleting many drafts.
                      Example: shown in "Delete without confirmation
                      prompt" above.

SEE ALSO
  article list --mine    Find your papers and their statuses
  article create         Write a new paper
