Save a paper to read later.  Bookmarked papers appear in your
personal reading list (article list --bookmarked).

HOW TO READ THIS HELP
  The examples below show real commands you can copy and paste.
  Everything you should type is shown — just replace the example values
  with your own.

    <angle brackets>   Replace with your own value.  Do NOT type the brackets.
                       peerpedia article show <id>
                       → you actually type:  peerpedia article show abc12345

    [square brackets]  This part is optional.  You can skip it entirely.
                       peerpedia article list [--mine]
                       → you can type:  peerpedia article list
                       → or:            peerpedia article list --mine

    --double-dashes    A "flag" (option) that changes what the command does.
                       --title means "the title comes next"
                       --scores means "the scores come next"
                       Some flags take a value (--title "My Paper")
                       Others work alone (--mine, --force, --feed).

  The prompt character > or $ in examples means "type this in your terminal."
  Don't type the prompt itself.


EXAMPLES
  # Bookmark a paper by its ID
  peerpedia bookmark add abc12345
  # → Saved to your reading list.

  # Bookmark by title keyword
  peerpedia bookmark add "Radioactivity"
  # → PeerPedia finds the paper by its title and bookmarks it.

  # See your bookmarks
  peerpedia article list --bookmarked
  # → Shows all papers you have bookmarked.  Use this to find papers
  #    you saved earlier.

  # Bookmark a paper you want to read after seeing it in your feed
  peerpedia share list
  peerpedia bookmark add abc12345
  # → Browsing shares from your followers?  Bookmark interesting ones
  #    to read later.  Come back to them with --bookmarked.

HOW BOOKMARKS WORK
  • Bookmarks are private — only you can see your list.
  • If the paper is only on a peer server (not on your machine),
    PeerPedia pulls its metadata automatically so you can at least
    see the title, author, and abstract.
  • To remove a bookmark:  peerpedia bookmark remove abc12345
  • Bookmarking does not download the full article — it just saves
    a reference so you can find it again.

FLAGS
  --json    Output the result as JSON instead of plain text.
            Useful for scripts and automation.

  --rich    Force human-readable colored output (default when
            you type the command directly).

SEE ALSO
  bookmark remove         Remove a bookmark
  article list --bookmarked   See your bookmarked papers
  article show            Read a paper
