Remove a bookmark from an article.  The article will no longer appear
in your bookmarked list.  The article itself is not deleted.

HOW TO READ THIS HELP
  The examples below show real commands you can copy and paste.
  Everything you should type is shown — just replace the example values
  with your own.

    <angle brackets>   Replace with your own value.  Do NOT type the brackets.
                       peerpedia article show <id>
                       → you actually type:  peerpedia article show abc12345

    [square brackets]  This part is optional.  You can skip it entirely.
                       peerpedia article list [--mine]
                       → you can type:  peerpedia article list
                       → or:            peerpedia article list --mine

    --double-dashes    A "flag" (option) that changes what the command does.
                       --title means "the title comes next"
                       --scores means "the scores come next"
                       Some flags take a value (--title "My Paper")
                       Others work alone (--mine, --force, --feed).

  The prompt character > or $ in examples means "type this in your terminal."
  Don't type the prompt itself.


EXAMPLES
  # Remove a bookmark by article ID
  peerpedia bookmark remove abc12345
  # → The paper is removed from your reading list.

  # Remove by title keyword
  peerpedia bookmark remove "Radioactivity"
  # → PeerPedia finds the paper and removes the bookmark.

  # Remove a bookmark after you have finished reading the paper
  peerpedia article show abc12345 --show full
  peerpedia bookmark remove abc12345
  # → Read the full paper, then clean it off your list.  You can always
  #    find it again with article list or article search.

  # Clean up your bookmarks after a reading session
  peerpedia article list --bookmarked
  peerpedia bookmark remove abc12345
  peerpedia bookmark remove def67890
  # → Review your bookmarked list, then remove the ones you have
  #    already read or are no longer interested in.

WHAT HAPPENS TO THE PAPER
  • This only removes your bookmark — it does not delete the article.
  • The article remains available on PeerPedia for anyone to read.
  • You just won't see it in --bookmarked anymore.
  • You can bookmark it again later if you change your mind.

FLAGS
  --json    Output the result as JSON instead of plain text.
            Useful for scripts and automation.

  --rich    Force human-readable colored output (default when
            you type the command directly).

SEE ALSO
  bookmark add       Save an article for later
  article list --bookmarked   See your bookmarked articles
