Fork a published paper to create your own copy.  Your fork starts as
a private draft with the original's full history.  You can edit it
freely and propose merging your changes back to the original.

HOW TO READ THIS HELP
  The examples below show real commands you can copy and paste.
  Everything you should type is shown — just replace the example values
  with your own.

    <angle brackets>   Replace with your own value.  Do NOT type the brackets.
                       peerpedia article show <id>
                       → you actually type:  peerpedia article show abc12345

    [square brackets]  This part is optional.  You can skip it entirely.
                       peerpedia article list [--mine]
                       → you can type:  peerpedia article list
                       → or:            peerpedia article list --mine

    --double-dashes    A "flag" (option) that changes what the command does.
                       --title means "the title comes next"
                       --scores means "the scores come next"
                       Some flags take a value (--title "My Paper")
                       Others work alone (--mine, --force, --feed).

  The prompt character > or $ in examples means "type this in your terminal."
  Don't type the prompt itself.


EXAMPLES
  # Fork a published paper by ID
  peerpedia fork abc12345
  # → Forked → abc12346 ("On the Electrodynamics of Moving Bodies")
  #   Your new fork is a private draft — only you can see it.

  # Fork by title keyword
  peerpedia fork "Radioactivity"
  # → Forked → def78901 ("Radioactivity")
  #   If multiple papers match the keyword, you pick from a list.

  # Fork and then edit — the full workflow
  peerpedia fork abc12345
  peerpedia article edit abc12346 --title "Electrodynamics (corrected)"
  peerpedia article edit abc12346 --body "Corrected formula in section 2."
  peerpedia merge propose abc12346 --target abc12345
  # → Fork the paper, edit its title and body, then propose merging
  #   your changes back. The original author reviews and can accept.

  # Fork to publish a commentary or alternative interpretation
  peerpedia fork abc12345
  peerpedia article publish abc12346
  # → Fork the original and publish your fork as a new standalone paper.
  #   It automatically links back to the original. Readers can see
  #   both versions and how they relate.

  # Fork with JSON output (for scripts)
  peerpedia fork abc12345 --json
  # → {"id": "abc12346", "title": "On the Electrodynamics of Moving Bodies"}

WHEN TO FORK
  • You found a paper with minor errors and want to propose corrections.
  • You want to extend someone's work with new results.
  • You want to write a commentary or alternative interpretation.
  • You want to translate a paper into another language.

RULES
  • Published and rejected papers: anyone can fork.
  • Draft papers: only maintainers can fork.
  • Your fork starts as a private draft — only you can see it.
  • After editing, use "merge propose" to suggest your changes back.
  • A fork keeps the full git history of the original — nothing is lost.

FLAGS
  This command takes one required piece of information: which paper to
  fork (by ID or title keyword). No additional flags are needed.
  --json      Print output as machine-readable JSON. Default: off.
              Shown in example above.

SEE ALSO
  merge propose      Propose merging your fork back to the original
  article edit       Revise your fork
  article list       Find papers to fork
