Give your consent for a co-authored paper to be published or merged.
When a paper has multiple maintainers, every one of them must consent
before the paper can move forward.

HOW TO READ THIS HELP
  The examples below show real commands you can copy and paste.
  Everything you should type is shown — just replace the example values
  with your own.

    <angle brackets>   Replace with your own value.  Do NOT type the brackets.
                       peerpedia article show <id>
                       → you actually type:  peerpedia article show abc12345

    [square brackets]  This part is optional.  You can skip it entirely.
                       peerpedia article list [--mine]
                       → you can type:  peerpedia article list
                       → or:            peerpedia article list --mine

    --double-dashes    A "flag" (option) that changes what the command does.
                       --title means "the title comes next"
                       --scores means "the scores come next"
                       Some flags take a value (--title "My Paper")
                       Others work alone (--mine, --force, --feed).

  The prompt character > or $ in examples means "type this in your terminal."
  Don't type the prompt itself.


EXAMPLES
  # Consent to publish
  peerpedia maintainer consent abc12345
  # → You are recorded as approving.  One step closer to publication.

  # Consent by title keyword
  peerpedia maintainer consent "Radioactivity"

  # All co-authors must consent — check progress with list
  peerpedia maintainer list abc12345
  # → Shows who has consented and who hasn't.
  #    The paper can be published only when EVERYONE shows "consented".

  # Owner consents too (same command as everyone else)
  peerpedia maintainer consent abc12345
  # → The creator of the paper also needs to consent.  No exceptions.

WHAT CONSENT MEANS
  • You confirm the paper is ready for publication (or merging).
  • You agree with its current content and conclusions.
  • You are allowing the paper to go public or be merged into another.
  • If you change your mind later, use "maintainer revoke" to withdraw.

UNANIMOUS CONSENT
  Every single maintainer must consent.  If even one person hasn't
  consented, the paper cannot be published.  This protects everyone —
  no one's name goes on a paper they don't fully approve of.

FLAGS
  --json    Output the result as JSON instead of plain text.
            Useful for scripts and automation.

  --rich    Force human-readable colored output (default when
            you type the command directly).

SEE ALSO
  maintainer revoke   Withdraw your consent
  maintainer list     See who has consented
  article publish     Publish when all have consented
