Revoke (withdraw) your consent to publish or merge a paper.  If you
previously consented via "maintainer consent", this reverses it.

HOW TO READ THIS HELP
  The examples below show real commands you can copy and paste.
  Everything you should type is shown — just replace the example values
  with your own.

    <angle brackets>   Replace with your own value.  Do NOT type the brackets.
                       peerpedia article show <id>
                       → you actually type:  peerpedia article show abc12345

    [square brackets]  This part is optional.  You can skip it entirely.
                       peerpedia article list [--mine]
                       → you can type:  peerpedia article list
                       → or:            peerpedia article list --mine

    --double-dashes    A "flag" (option) that changes what the command does.
                       --title means "the title comes next"
                       --scores means "the scores come next"
                       Some flags take a value (--title "My Paper")
                       Others work alone (--mine, --force, --feed).

  The prompt character > or $ in examples means "type this in your terminal."
  Don't type the prompt itself.


EXAMPLES
  # Revoke your consent
  peerpedia maintainer revoke abc12345
  # → Your consent is withdrawn.  The paper cannot be published until
  #    you consent again (or the other maintainers come to an agreement).

  # Revoke by title keyword
  peerpedia maintainer revoke "Radioactivity"

  # Revoke after finding a problem with the paper
  peerpedia maintainer revoke abc12345
  # → Found an error in the data?  Revoke consent, fix the paper, then
  #    consent again when ready.

  # Check that your revoke took effect
  peerpedia maintainer list abc12345
  # → Your status will show "consent pending" instead of "consented".

WHEN TO REVOKE CONSENT
  • You found a mistake or error in the paper.
  • You disagree with co-authors about whether the paper is ready.
  • You want more time to review recent changes.
  • You are no longer comfortable with the paper's conclusions.

  Revoking is not permanent.  You can consent again later with
  "maintainer consent" once your concerns are addressed.

FLAGS
  --json    Output the result as JSON instead of plain text.
            Useful for scripts and automation.

  --rich    Force human-readable colored output (default when
            you type the command directly).

SEE ALSO
  maintainer consent Give your consent to publish
  maintainer list    See consent status of all co-authors
  article publish    Publish when all have consented
