Withdraw a merge proposal you previously created.  This cancels the
proposal — the original paper's maintainers will no longer see it.

HOW TO READ THIS HELP
  The examples below show real commands you can copy and paste.
  Everything you should type is shown — just replace the example values
  with your own.

    <angle brackets>   Replace with your own value.  Do NOT type the brackets.
                       peerpedia article show <id>
                       → you actually type:  peerpedia article show abc12345

    [square brackets]  This part is optional.  You can skip it entirely.
                       peerpedia article list [--mine]
                       → you can type:  peerpedia article list
                       → or:            peerpedia article list --mine

    --double-dashes    A "flag" (option) that changes what the command does.
                       --title means "the title comes next"
                       --scores means "the scores come next"
                       Some flags take a value (--title "My Paper")
                       Others work alone (--mine, --force, --feed).

  The prompt character > or $ in examples means "type this in your terminal."
  Don't type the prompt itself.


EXAMPLES
  # Withdraw a merge proposal by ID
  peerpedia merge withdraw proposal-1
  # → The proposal is cancelled. Pierre no longer sees it in his
  #   pending proposals. You receive a confirmation message.

  # Withdraw by matching the proposal title
  peerpedia merge withdraw "Corrected miscalculation"
  # → PeerPedia finds your proposal whose title contains "Corrected
  #   miscalculation" and withdraws it. If you have more than one
  #   matching proposal, you pick from a list.

  # Withdraw to make more changes, then re-propose
  peerpedia merge withdraw proposal-1
  # → You realize your fork needs more work before Pierre sees it.
  #   Withdraw the proposal, make your edits, then propose again:
  peerpedia merge propose def67890 --target abc12345
  # → The original author receives a fresh notification. You can
  #   withdraw and re-propose as many times as you like.

  # What happens to your fork after withdrawing
  # Your fork (def67890) stays exactly as it is — all your changes
  # remain. Withdrawing only cancels the proposal, not your work.
  # You can keep editing the fork and propose again later.

RULES
  • Only the person who created the proposal can withdraw it.
  • Already-accepted proposals cannot be withdrawn — the merge has
    already been applied.
  • Withdrawing does not delete your fork or undo your changes.
  • You can re-propose after withdrawing by using "merge propose"
    again.

FLAGS
  Each flag is shown in the examples above.  This reference explains it
  in full — come back after you have tried the examples.

  proposal_id           The merge proposal to withdraw.  You can use its
                        ID (shown when you created it) or a title keyword
                        that matches the proposal.  Required.
                        Shown in all examples above.

  --json                Output the result as JSON instead of plain text.
                        Useful for scripts and automation.

  --rich                Force human-readable colored output (default when
                        you type the command directly).

SEE ALSO
  merge propose      Create a merge proposal
  merge accept       Accept a proposal (as the original author)
