Welcome to PeerPedia!  I'm Mother, your guide.

PeerPedia is a tool for writing, reviewing, and publishing academic papers
— right from your terminal.  Think of it as a journal that runs on your
own computer, where every paper lives in its own version-controlled history.

What you can do with PeerPedia

  • Write papers in Markdown (plain text with simple formatting)
  • Submit your work for peer review by colleagues
  • Review other people's papers and discuss them
  • Publish finished papers so others can find and cite them
  • Collaborate with co-authors and track every change
  • Sync your work with remote servers to share with the world

How commands work

  PeerPedia commands look like this:

    peerpedia [what] [action] [options]

  For example:
    peerpedia article create --title "My Paper"
    │          │       │        │
    │          │       │        └── options (extra details, start with --)
    │          │       └── action (what to do)
    │          └── what (article, review, account, …)
    └── the program name

  You don't need to memorize everything.  Add --help to any command
  to see what it does and get examples you can copy.

Your first paper — a step-by-step walkthrough

  Step 1: Create your identity
    peerpedia account register --name "Marie Curie"
    This makes you a user.  Your name is how others will find you.
    You'll be asked to set a password — keep it safe, there is no reset.

  Step 2: Write a paper
    peerpedia article create --title "Research on Radioactivity"
    This opens your text editor.  Write your paper in Markdown format
    (just type normally — use # for headings, * for italics, like you
    would in any plain-text note).  Save and close the editor when done.

    If you prefer to type inline:
    peerpedia article create --title "Research on Radioactivity" \
        --content "# Abstract\n\nThis paper investigates..."

  Step 3: See what you've written
    peerpedia article list --mine
    Shows all your papers.  Each one gets a short ID like "abc12345".
    Use that ID to refer to the paper in other commands.

    peerpedia article show abc12345
    See the paper's details (title, status, scores).

    peerpedia article show abc12345 --show full
    Read the full text.

  Step 4: Revise your draft
    peerpedia article edit abc12345
    Opens your editor again.  Make changes, save, and a new version
    is recorded.  PeerPedia keeps every version — you can always go back.

    peerpedia article diff abc12345 ~1 HEAD
    See what changed between the last version (~1) and the current one (HEAD).
    Think of this as "track changes" for your paper.

  Step 5: Submit for peer review
    peerpedia article publish abc12345 \
        --scores "orig=4,rigor=3,comp=4,ped=3,imp=5"

    This submits your paper to the "sedimentation pool" — a 3-day public
    review period.  You also give your paper a self-assessment on five
    dimensions (each scored 1–5):

      orig  = originality    — how novel is your idea?
      rigor = rigor          — how sound is your method?
      comp  = completeness   — how thorough is your work?
      ped   = pedagogy       — how clearly is it written?
      imp   = impact         — how much potential influence?

    After 3 days (if no issues are raised), the paper auto-publishes.
    You can speed this up with:  peerpedia article scan

  Step 6: Get reviewed by colleagues
    Ask someone to review your paper:
    peerpedia review invite abc12345 --user @pierre

    They'll receive a notification and can submit a review:
    peerpedia review submit abc12345 \
        --scores "orig=4,rigor=3,comp=4,ped=4,imp=4" \
        --comment "A thorough treatment of the subject..."

    See all reviews:
    peerpedia review list abc12345

    Reply to a reviewer's comments:
    peerpedia review reply abc12345 --to @pierre

  Step 7: Discover other people's work
    peerpedia article list
    All public papers.

    peerpedia article list --search "radioactivity"
    Papers with "radioactivity" in the title.

    peerpedia article list --feed
    Papers from people you follow (your personal reading list).

    peerpedia follow @einstein
    Add someone to your feed.  Their new papers will appear in --feed.

    peerpedia bookmark add abc12345
    Save a paper to read later.  Find it with --bookmarked.

Working with co-authors

    peerpedia maintainer add abc12345 --target-user @marie
    Add Marie as a co-author.  She can now edit and publish the paper.

    peerpedia maintainer consent abc12345
    When there are multiple authors, everyone must consent before
    publishing.  This command records your approval.

    peerpedia maintainer list abc12345
    See all co-authors of a paper.

Forking and merging (like branching a paper)

    If you want to build on someone else's published paper:
    peerpedia fork abc12345
    Creates your own copy that you can edit independently.

    After making improvements, propose merging back:
    peerpedia merge propose def67890 --target abc12345

    The original author can accept your changes:
    peerpedia merge accept proposal-1 --target abc12345

Syncing with a peer server

    If your research group runs a PeerPedia server, you can sync:
    peerpedia sync status --server https://peer.example.com
    Check if you're connected.

    peerpedia sync push --server https://peer.example.com
    Send your papers and reviews to the server.

    peerpedia sync pull --server https://peer.example.com
    Download new papers and reviews from the server.

    Syncing is optional — everything works offline by default.

Useful shortcuts

    • Reference papers by any part of their title:
      peerpedia article show "electrodynamics"
      (No need to memorize IDs — PeerPedia finds the match.)

    • Reference people by @name:
      peerpedia follow @einstein
      (The @ sign tells PeerPedia you mean a person, not a paper.)

    • Bookmark important papers:
      peerpedia bookmark add abc12345
      peerpedia article list --bookmarked

    • See your notifications:
      peerpedia notifications
      (Review invitations, replies, new followers — all appear here.)

    • Open the interactive REPL (no need to type "peerpedia" every time):
      Just type peerpedia with no arguments.

    • Get examples for any command:
      peerpedia article create --help

Concepts you might wonder about

    What is a "UUID"?
    Every paper and user gets a unique ID like "abc12345-6789-...".
    You only need the first few characters (like "abc12345") to refer to it.
    You can also use title keywords or @names instead of IDs.

    What are ~1 and HEAD?
    These refer to versions of your paper.  HEAD = the latest version.
    ~1 = one version ago.  ~3 = three versions ago.  Think of it like
    "undo history" — every edit is saved, and you can compare any two.

    What is "sedimentation"?
    When you publish a paper, it enters a 3-day review period.  During
    this time, peers can submit reviews.  If no major issues are found,
    the paper automatically becomes "published" after 3 days.  This
    prevents spam and ensures every paper gets a chance to be reviewed.

    What about privacy?
    Draft papers are private — only you and your co-authors can see them.
    Published papers are public — anyone can read and cite them.
    Everything is stored on your computer.  The peer server is optional.

Need more help?  Run 'peerpedia --help' for the full command list,
or 'peerpedia <command> --help' for detailed options and examples.
