Decline a review invitation.  The author will be notified that you
cannot review their paper at this time.

HOW TO READ THIS HELP
  The examples below show real commands you can copy and paste.
  Everything you should type is shown — just replace the example values
  with your own.

    <angle brackets>   Replace with your own value.  Do NOT type the brackets.
                       peerpedia article show <id>
                       → you actually type:  peerpedia article show abc12345

    [square brackets]  This part is optional.  You can skip it entirely.
                       peerpedia article list [--mine]
                       → you can type:  peerpedia article list
                       → or:            peerpedia article list --mine

    --double-dashes    A "flag" (option) that changes what the command does.
                       --title means "the title comes next"
                       --scores means "the scores come next"
                       Some flags take a value (--title "My Paper")
                       Others work alone (--mine, --force, --feed).

  The prompt character > or $ in examples means "type this in your terminal."
  Don't type the prompt itself.


EXAMPLES
  # Decline an invitation
  peerpedia review decline abc12345
  # → The author receives a notification that you declined. No further
  #   action is needed on your part.

  # What happens after declining
  # The author sees: @pierre declined your review invitation for
  # "Radioactivity". They can now invite someone else to review
  # the paper instead.

  # Can you change your mind after declining?
  # There is no "un-decline" command. If you change your mind, ask the
  # author to send you a new invitation — then you can accept it.
  # The author can re-invite you with "peerpedia review invite".

  # Decline after checking all your pending invitations
  peerpedia notifications
  # → Shows all your pending invitations. Find the ones you do not
  #   have time for, then decline each:
  peerpedia review decline abc12345
  peerpedia review decline def67890

RULES
  • Declining is polite — the author knows not to wait for your review.
  • There is no penalty for declining. You can decline as many
    invitations as you want.
  • Once declined, you need a new invitation to review the paper.
  • You can only decline invitations that are still pending. If the
    paper has already been published, the invitation has expired
    automatically.

FLAGS
  Each flag is shown in the examples above.  This reference explains it
  in full — come back after you have tried the examples.

  ref                   The paper you are declining to review.  Can be a
                        full UUID, an 8-character prefix, or a title
                        keyword.  Required.
                        Shown in all examples above.

  --json                Output the result as JSON instead of plain text.
                        Useful for scripts and automation.

  --rich                Force human-readable colored output (default when
                        you type the command directly).

SEE ALSO
  review accept      Accept an invitation
  review submit      Submit a review (if you accepted)
  notifications      Check for pending invitations
