Share a paper with your followers.  Sharing is a lightweight way to
recommend something worth reading — your followers will see it in their
feed.  Unlike a review, a share can be as brief as you like.

HOW TO READ THIS HELP
  The examples below show real commands you can copy and paste.
  Everything you should type is shown — just replace the example values
  with your own.

    <angle brackets>   Replace with your own value.  Do NOT type the brackets.
                       peerpedia article show <id>
                       → you actually type:  peerpedia article show abc12345

    [square brackets]  This part is optional.  You can skip it entirely.
                       peerpedia article list [--mine]
                       → you can type:  peerpedia article list
                       → or:            peerpedia article list --mine

    --double-dashes    A "flag" (option) that changes what the command does.
                       --title means "the title comes next"
                       --scores means "the scores come next"
                       Some flags take a value (--title "My Paper")
                       Others work alone (--mine, --force, --feed).

  The prompt character > or $ in examples means "type this in your terminal."
  Don't type the prompt itself.


EXAMPLES
  # Share publicly (all your followers see it)
  peerpedia share add abc12345 --comment "Must read for anyone in the field!"
  # → Everyone who follows you sees this in their feed.

  # Share to a specific colleague
  peerpedia share add abc12345 --to @marie
  # → Only that person sees it.  The rest of your followers are not shown it.

  # Share by title keyword
  peerpedia share add "Radioactivity" --comment "Fascinating results"

  # Share without a comment
  peerpedia share add abc12345
  # → The paper appears in followers' feeds with no extra note.

  # Share to a colleague with a note explaining why
  peerpedia share add abc12345 --to @pierre --comment "You will love the method section"
  # → Pierre sees the paper with your personal recommendation.

WHEN TO SHARE
  • You found an interesting paper others should see.
  • You want to recommend a paper to a specific colleague.
  • You want to highlight a paper's importance without writing a full review.

FLAGS
  --to @name    Share to a specific person instead of all your followers.
                Use their @name, user ID, or an alias you set.
                Optional.  Shown in examples 2 and 5 above.

  --comment "text"  A short note explaining why you are sharing.
                    Optional.  Shown in examples 1, 3, and 5 above.

  --json        Output the result as JSON instead of plain text.
                Useful for scripts and automation.

  --rich        Force human-readable colored output (default when
                you type the command directly).

SEE ALSO
  share list         See shares from people you follow
  share remove       Remove a share you posted
  review submit      Write a full review (more detailed than a share)
