Remove a share you previously posted.  The shared article is not
deleted — only your recommendation is removed from your followers' feeds.

HOW TO READ THIS HELP
  The examples below show real commands you can copy and paste.
  Everything you should type is shown — just replace the example values
  with your own.

    <angle brackets>   Replace with your own value.  Do NOT type the brackets.
                       peerpedia article show <id>
                       → you actually type:  peerpedia article show abc12345

    [square brackets]  This part is optional.  You can skip it entirely.
                       peerpedia article list [--mine]
                       → you can type:  peerpedia article list
                       → or:            peerpedia article list --mine

    --double-dashes    A "flag" (option) that changes what the command does.
                       --title means "the title comes next"
                       --scores means "the scores come next"
                       Some flags take a value (--title "My Paper")
                       Others work alone (--mine, --force, --feed).

  The prompt character > or $ in examples means "type this in your terminal."
  Don't type the prompt itself.


EXAMPLES
  # Remove a share by article ID
  peerpedia share remove abc12345
  # → The article is no longer recommended to your followers.

  # Remove a share by title keyword
  peerpedia share remove "Radioactivity"

  # Remove a share you posted by mistake
  peerpedia share remove abc12345
  # → Accidentally shared the wrong paper?  Simply remove it.
  #    Your followers will no longer see it in their feeds.

  # Clean up old shares you no longer stand behind
  peerpedia share list --mine
  peerpedia share remove abc12345
  peerpedia share remove def67890
  # → Review your shared articles first, then remove the ones you
  #    no longer want to recommend.

WHAT HAPPENS TO THE SHARED POST
  • The share is removed from your followers' feeds.
  • The article itself is not deleted — it stays on PeerPedia.
  • Your followers can still find the article through search.
  • Only you can remove your own shares.

FLAGS
  --json    Output the result as JSON instead of plain text.
            Useful for scripts and automation.

  --rich    Force human-readable colored output (default when
            you type the command directly).

SEE ALSO
  share add          Share an article
  share list         See your shares
