Pull article updates, new reviews, and social graph changes from a peer
server.  Use this when you come online to fetch what others have published
while you were away.

HOW TO READ THIS HELP
  The examples below show real commands you can copy and paste.
  Everything you should type is shown — just replace the example values
  with your own.

    <angle brackets>   Replace with your own value.  Do NOT type the brackets.
                       peerpedia article show <id>
                       → you actually type:  peerpedia article show abc12345

    [square brackets]  This part is optional.  You can skip it entirely.
                       peerpedia article list [--mine]
                       → you can type:  peerpedia article list
                       → or:            peerpedia article list --mine

    --double-dashes    A "flag" (option) that changes what the command does.
                       --title means "the title comes next"
                       --scores means "the scores come next"
                       Some flags take a value (--title "My Paper")
                       Others work alone (--mine, --force, --feed).

  The prompt character > or $ in examples means "type this in your terminal."
  Don't type the prompt itself.


EXAMPLES
  # Pull from the default server
  peerpedia sync pull
  # → Pull 3 article(s): abc12345, def67890, ghi11223

  # Pull from a specific server
  peerpedia sync pull --server https://peer.example.com

  # Nothing new on the server
  peerpedia sync pull
  # → Nothing to sync.

  # Pull after coming back from a trip
  # You were offline for a week. Other researchers published
  # new papers and updated existing ones. Run sync pull to
  # get everything. It also auto-discovers new users from
  # your follow graph (depth 1, up to 50 users).

  # Pull with JSON output
  peerpedia sync pull --json

WHAT HAPPENS
  1. PeerPedia connects to the server and checks for new content.
  2. New articles, reviews, and follows are downloaded.
  3. Local metadata is updated to reflect the remote state.
  4. Auto-discovery runs: looks one hop into your follow network
     to pre-fetch articles from users your friends follow.

Pull is safe — it only adds or updates local data, never overwrites
your unpublished drafts.

TIPS
  • Run sync pull when you first come online to get the freshest content.
  • Pull does NOT automatically merge forks or accept reviews — it
    just downloads what's new. You decide what to do with it.
  • After pulling, run 'article list --feed' to see new papers
    from people you follow.

FLAGS
  --server    Which server to pull from. Overrides PEERPEDIA_SERVER.
              Default: PEERPEDIA_SERVER env var. Shown in example above.
  --json      Print output as machine-readable JSON instead of
              formatted text. Use for scripts. Default: off.
              Shown in example above.

SEE ALSO
  sync push          Send your changes to the server
  sync status        Check what needs syncing
  sync discover      Find new articles by walking the follow graph
